README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

Busy with babies, so I made [Baby Buddy](https://github.com/babybuddy/babybuddy). PRs welcome!

Losing weight while gaining strength so I made [kcal](https://github.com/kcal-app/kcal).

Other project information and contact at [www.chris-wells.net](https://www.chris-wells.net).

Spend work time hacking on [Crosscut.com](https://crosscut.com) and [KCTS9.org](https://www.kcts9.org).

Reading through [Hugo award winners](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hugo_Award_for_Best_Novel). Completed as of September 2021:

1. [The Demolished Man](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Demolished_Man)
2. [Double Star](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_Star)
3. [They'd Rather Be Right](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/They%27d_Rather_Be_Right)
4. [The Big Time](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Big_Time_(novel)) ❌
5. [A Case of Conscience](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Case_of_Conscience)
6. [Starship Troopers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starship_Troopers)
7. [A Canticle for Leibowitz](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Canticle_for_Leibowitz) ⭐
8. [Stranger in a Strange Land](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stranger_in_a_Strange_Land)
9. [The Man in the High Castle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Man_in_the_High_Castle) ⭐
10. [Way Station](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Way_Station_(novel))
11. [The Wanderer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wanderer_(Leiber_novel))
12. [Dune](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dune_(novel)) ⭐
13. [This Immortal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/This_Immortal)
14. [The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Moon_Is_a_Harsh_Mistress)
15. [Lord of Light](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lord_of_Light)
16. [Stand on Zanzibar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stand_on_Zanzibar) ❌
17. [The Left Hand of Darkness](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Left_Hand_of_Darkness)
18. [Ringworld](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ringworld)
19. [The Gods Themselves](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Gods_Themselves)
20. [Rendeveous with Rama](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rendezvous_with_Rama)

Commit message:

Add To Your Scattered Bodies Go

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋

Busy with babies, so I made [Baby Buddy](https://github.com/babybuddy/babybuddy). PRs welcome!

Losing weight while gaining strength so I made [kcal](https://github.com/kcal-app/kcal).

Other project information and contact at [www.chris-wells.net](https://www.chris-wells.net).

Spend work time hacking on [Crosscut.com](https://crosscut.com) and [KCTS9.org](https://www.kcts9.org).

Reading through [Hugo award winners](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hugo_Award_for_Best_Novel). Completed as of September 2021:

1. [The Demolished Man](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Demolished_Man)
2. [Double Star](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_Star)
3. [They'd Rather Be Right](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/They%27d_Rather_Be_Right)
4. [The Big Time](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Big_Time_(novel)) ❌
5. [A Case of Conscience](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Case_of_Conscience)
6. [Starship Troopers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starship_Troopers)
7. [A Canticle for Leibowitz](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Canticle_for_Leibowitz) ⭐
8. [Stranger in a Strange Land](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stranger_in_a_Strange_Land)
9. [The Man in the High Castle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Man_in_the_High_Castle) ⭐
10. [Way Station](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Way_Station_(novel))
11. [The Wanderer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wanderer_(Leiber_novel))
12. [Dune](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dune_(novel)) ⭐
13. [This Immortal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/This_Immortal)
14. [The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Moon_Is_a_Harsh_Mistress)
15. [Lord of Light](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lord_of_Light)
16. [Stand on Zanzibar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stand_on_Zanzibar) ❌
17. [The Left Hand of Darkness](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Left_Hand_of_Darkness)
18. [To Your Scattered Bodies Go](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/To_Your_Scattered_Bodies_Go) ❌
19. [Ringworld](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ringworld)
20. [The Gods Themselves](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Gods_Themselves)
21. [Rendeveous with Rama](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rendezvous_with_Rama)
